Software release notes (#1242)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.25/release-notes.md

> We're committed to testing all Astronomer Software versions for scale, reliability and security on Amazon EKS, Google GKE and Azure AKS. If you have any questions or an issue to report, don't hesitate to [reach out to us](https://support.astronomer.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Astronomer Software versions are tested for scale, reliability and security on Amazon EKS, Google GKE, and Azure AKS. If you have questions or an issue to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).
```

## 0.25.14

> Release date: September 21, 2021

Author: ```suggestion
Release date: September 21, 2022
```

### Additional improvements

- Improved the startup time for the NATS server
- Upgraded Prometheus to the LTS release of 2.37.0
- Removed all remaining uses of Helm2

> 

Reviewer 2: @jwitz - what about https://github.com/astronomer/issues/issues/4882? Dont we want an entry for that here?

Author: I din't see the issue tagged for 0.25, is it in that release?

Reviewer 2: my bad .. i thought this was 0.28 release note

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed several CVEs by upgrading images for system components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed several Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) by upgrading images for system components
```
